For this project we will create an AI to play a tower defense game.

The game will have path with simple AI traveling from one end to the other. 
The AI we will be programing will be in charge of placing defense.

The AI will be using MDP. 
To place a tower it will cost it money. The AI cannot go in debt. 
Another decision will be what the most optimal location is to place a tower. Using the simple AI's location, our AI will use that information to calculate the most optimal locaiton to place a tower.
Spending all the money is great but our AI would prioritize saving money and getting the job done.


Future:
Our simple AI could be both ground and air units. Where some towers could be ground only, some could be both, while others could be just air.


To start off:

The map:
-A simple grid map with:
    grass as locations where to spawn towers
    a dirt road that our simple AI to follow a path
    a fortress which our AI must defend
    the fortress would have 100hp and this hp would come into account when our AI is making decisions
    

The towers:
    a simple ground or air tower that only damages ground or air units
        this will do 3 damage per second
        shooting radius is in a circle
    a simple tower that does damage to both air and ground units
        this will do 1.5 damage per second
        shooting radius is in a circle

Minion AI:
    one ground and one air unit
    have the unit spawn every 3 seconds
    minions will spawn randomly on the outer path of the map
    the minion AI will use path following to find the best path to the base with least resistant

The AI:
    will be in charge of spawing towers
    the map will be completely hidden tot the AI
    only when it places towers will it gain vision of the map
    the AI will use MDP with using how much of the map it knows as an uncertanty
        

After these simple topics have been implemented:
    We could expand on simple AI such as increasing their health, or speed
    make more differnt towers
    maybe add a camoflage simple AI and so on
        